#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aldryn-addons @ https://divio-addons.s3-eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/aldryn-addons/1.1.0/7a2d5a44-16e2-4ef8-bfe0-1e61c8601b33/aldryn-addons-1.1.0.tar.gz
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   aldryn-sso
aldryn-apphooks-config==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-newsblog
aldryn-background-image==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-boilerplates==0.8.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-common
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
aldryn-bootstrap3==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-categories==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-newsblog
aldryn-client==2.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
aldryn-common==1.0.5
    # via
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
aldryn-django==1.11.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-django-cms @ https://divio-addons.s3-eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/aldryn-django-cms/3.5.3.4/1263fabd-aab8-4638-9d16-bd2e76d43b94/aldryn-django-cms-3.5.3.4.tar.gz
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-newsblog==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-people==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-newsblog
aldryn-sites==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
aldryn-snake==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django-cms
aldryn-sso @ https://divio-addons.s3-eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/aldryn-sso/1.6.0/6d90e844-d7ef-4faa-b527-5df3d49277be/aldryn-sso-1.6.0.tar.gz
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-style==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aldryn-translation-tools==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-categories
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
argparse==1.4.0
    # via djeese-fs
babel==2.14.0
    # via django-phonenumber-field
backport-collections==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-newsblog
boto==2.48.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   djeese-fs
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==5.2.0
    # via djeese-fs
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   aldryn-client
    #   aldryn-django
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
dj-email-url==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
dj-redis-url==0.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
django==1.11.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-background-image
    #   aldryn-boilerplates
    #   aldryn-categories
    #   aldryn-django
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
    #   aldryn-sites
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-appdata
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-filer
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-phonenumber-field
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-ranged-response
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   django-simple-sso
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangocms-admin-style
    #   easy-thumbnails
    #   webservices
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   aldryn-boilerplates
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   aldryn-sites
    #   django-axes
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-select2
django-appdata==0.4.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-apphooks-config
    #   aldryn-newsblog
django-axes==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cache-url==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
django-classy-tags==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.5.3
    # via
    #   aldryn-apphooks-config
    #   aldryn-background-image
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
    #   aldryn-translation-tools
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-snippet
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-video
django-compressor==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django-cms
django-filer==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-background-image
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-formtools==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
django-getenv==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-addons
    #   aldryn-django
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-mptt
django-mptt==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filer
django-parler==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-categories
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
    #   aldryn-translation-tools
django-phonenumber-field==1.3.0
    # via aldryn-people
django-polymorphic==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filer
django-ranged-response==0.2.0
    # via django-simple-captcha
django-robots==4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django-cms
django-sekizai==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
django-select2==6.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
    #   aldryn-django-cms
django-simple-captcha==0.5.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django-cms
django-simple-sso==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-sso
django-sortedm2m==4.0.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-common
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   aldryn-newsblog
django-storages==1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
django-taggit==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-newsblog
django-treebeard==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-categories
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   django-cms
djangocms-admin-style==3.3.1
    # via
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-file==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-googlemap==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-link==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-picture==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-snippet==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-bootstrap3
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
djangocms-video==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djeese-fs==0.1.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
easy-thumbnails==2.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
    #   aldryn-people
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-picture
furl==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-sso
html5lib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
idna==3.10
    # via requests
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   aldryn-sso
    #   django-simple-sso
    #   webservices
lxml==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   aldryn-newsblog
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
phonenumbers==8.13.47
    # via aldryn-people
phonenumberslite==8.13.47
    # via django-phonenumber-field
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
psycopg2==2.7.7
    # via
    #   aldryn-django
    #   aldryn-django-cms
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-newsblog
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via aldryn-translation-tools
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   django
    #   django-axes
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via django-compressor
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-client
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   webservices
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via django-compressor
sentry-sdk==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-addons
    #   aldryn-client
    #   aldryn-common
    #   aldryn-newsblog
    #   aldryn-people
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-parler
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-simple-captcha
    #   furl
    #   html5lib
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via aldryn-client
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
unidecode==1.0.23
    # via
    #   aldryn-translation-tools
    #   django-filer
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aldryn-django
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
webservices[django]==0.7
    # via django-simple-sso
yurl==1.0.0
    # via
    #   aldryn-boilerplates
    #   aldryn-django
    #   aldryn-django-cms
    #   aldryn-sites
